Add basic explanaition of app's extensions (#348)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/apps/extensions.mdx

The below sample manifest defines two extensions that will be attached to the dashboard:

```json
{
  ...
  "extensions": [
      {
        "label": "Create with Sample app",
        "mount": "PRODUCT_DETAILS_MORE_ACTIONS",
        "target": "POPUP",
        "permissions": [
            "MANAGE_PRODUCTS"
        ],
        "url": "https://example.com/extension/"
      },
      {
        "label": "Create with App and redirect",
        "mount": "PRODUCT_OVERVIEW_CREATE",
        "target": "APP_PAGE",
        "permissions": [
            "MANAGE_PRODUCTS"
        ],
        "url": "/extension/redirect"
      }
    ],
}
```

- `label` - Name which will be displayed in the dashboard
- `mount` - Place, where extension will be mounted
- `target` - Way of opening an extension's url. Default to `POPUP`.
`POPUP` will mount extension in an iframe view. `APP_PAGE` will redirect users to the dashboard's app page
- `url` - Extension url. Url can start with `/` when `target` is set to `APP_PAGE` or manifest has defined `appUrl`. 
When `target` is set to `POPUP`, `url` will be used to render an iframe

## Possible mounting places

> Saleor requires that extension will define place of mounting. The below table explains all mounting places available in Saleor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saleor requires that extension will define a place of mounting. The below table explains all mounting places available in Saleor.
```

---
title: Extensions
---

## Key concepts

> App extension allows extending different dashboard views by mounting extension iframe or by redirecting user on main App's iframe. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
App extensions allow extending different dashboard views by mounting the extension app inside a popup or redirecting users to the main app's page. The app is created as a secure iframe that protects against XSS attacks. 
```

> This is a way for customizing and extending dashboard solutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It provides a way for customizing and extending the dashboard while keeping the code separate.
```

## Manifest

> App can have multiple extensions. The extension is added by specifying it in app's manifest. 
> Below sample manifest, defines two extensions that will be attached to dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apps can have multiple extensions. The extension is added by specifying it in the app's manifest. 
The below sample manifest defines two extensions that will be attached to the dashboard:
```

```json
{
  ...  
  "extensions": [
      {
        "label": "Create with Sample app",
        "view": "PRODUCT",
        "type": "OVERVIEW",
        "target": "CREATE",
        "openAs": "POPUP",
        "permissions": [
            "MANAGE_PRODUCTS"
        ],
        "url": "https://example.com/extension/"
      },
      {
        "label": "Create with App and redirect",
        "view": "PRODUCT",
        "type": "OVERVIEW",
        "target": "CREATE",
        "openAs": "APP_PAGE",
        "permissions": [
            "MANAGE_PRODUCTS"
        ],
        "url": "/extension/redirect"
      }
    ],
}
```

> - `label` - Name which will be displayed in dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `label` - Name which will be displayed in the dashboard
```

- `view` - View where the given extension will be attached
- `type` - Place where the given extension will be attached

> - `target` - Direct target on given view&type where extension will be attached

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `target` - Direct target on given view & type where extension will be attached
```

> - `openAs` - Way of opening an extension's url. Default to `POPUP`. 

Reviewer 3: Please add dots at the end of all items or remove.

> `POPUP` will mount extension in iframe view. `APP_PAGE` will redirect user to app page on dashboard side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`POPUP` will mount extension in an iframe view. `APP_PAGE` will redirect users to the dashboard's app page.
```
